the book of ecclesiastes the words of
the preacher the son of David King in
Jerusalem vanity of vanities vanity of
vanities all is vanity
what prophets has a man from all his
labor in which he toils Under the Sun
one generation passes away and another
generation comes but the earth abides
forever the Sun Also Rises and the Sun
Goes Down and hastens to the place where
it arose the wind goes toward the south
and turns around to the north the wind
whirls about continually and comes again
on its circuit all the rivers run into
the sea if the sea is not full to the
place from which the rivers come there
they return again all things are full of
labor man cannot express it
the eye is not satisfied with seeing nor
the ear filled with earring that which
has been is what will be that which is
done is what will be done and there is
nothing new Under the Sun is there
anything of which it may be said see
this is new it has already been in
ancient times before us there is no
remembrance of former things nor will
there be any remembrance of things that
are to come by those who will come after
I the preacher was king over Israel in
Jerusalem and I set my heart to seek and
search out by wisdom concerning all that
is done under heaven this burdensome
task God has given to the sons of men by
which they may be exercised I have seen
all the works that are done under the
Sun and indeed all is vanity and
grasping for the wind what his crooked
cannot be made straight and what is
lacking cannot be numbered I communed
with my heart saying look I have
attained greatness and have gained more
wisdom than all who were before me in
Jerusalem my heart has understood great
wisdom and knowledge
and I set my heart to know wisdom and to
know madness and folly I perceived that
this also is grasping for the wind for
in much wisdom is much grief and he who
increases knowledge
increases sorry